README.md, before:

# Netphlix

 [In Progress]

This is a "static - website" replica of the subscription based streaming platform service "[Netflix](https://netflix.com)" built on [React](https://reactjs.org/),  [Firebase](https://firebase.com/) as the backend, [fuseJS](https://fusejs.io/), and [Normalize CSS](https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/)

## Other tools/technology and libraries used

 [Styled Component](https://styled-components.com/) - For styling |
 [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) & [React Router Dom V6](https://reactrouter.com/) - For routing

## What I Learned

  1. Project Architecture
  2. How to create Jumbotrons
  3. Clean code structures with the introduction of "fixtures" to store project data
  4. Importance of "macro" when declaring styled components
  5. How to pass props in styled components
  6. The importance of a key in a map function/an iteration element in React
  7. How to create compound components in React
  8. Usefulness of normalize.css
  9. How to reference a constant (a styled component) in styled components
  10. How to use the "as" prop in styled components
  11. How to use "useContext" and "createContext" in React
  12. How to Create a toggle component
  13. Trick code to check the state of an element in React using - "<>{JSON.stringify([context name], null, 2)}</>"
  14. How to style a reactRouter component using styled components
  15. How to render images for static and dynamic web apps
  16. How to set up a firebase project for a production build and a development build
  17. How to feed data to firebase
  18. The trick of keeping initialization files in the context folder
  19. How to use hooks in React
  20. Route protection, react router auth and redirection
  21. Learnt about route protection and redirection using react-router-dom V6.
  22. Advantage of using a seperated custom "useAuth" hook over the "useContext" hook
  23. How to Re-use & Re-style a pre-existing style-component in styled-components
  24. How to write conditionals in styled-components
  25. How to pass props (including specific css props) in styled-components
  26. How to create and inject portals in React using JS

## Errors I Faced

  1. "fatal: not a git repository (or any of the parent directories): .git" - This error was caused by the fact that I had exported a CDPATH environment variable, and one of the sub-directories of a repo happens to be named same as another non-repo-subdir under one of the paths in my CDPATH, and git was trying to find the repo in the non-repo-subdir. To fix this, I had to unset the CDPATH environment variable.

  2. "Error: A "Route" is only ever to be used as the child of "Routes" element" - This error was caused by the fact that I had nested a "Route" element inside another "Route" element. To fix this, I had to remove the nested "Route" element and place it outside the parent "Route" element.

  3. "export 'firestore' (imported as 'firebase') was not found in 'firebase'" - This error was caused by the fact that I had imported the "firestore" from "firebase/app" instead of "firebase/compat/app". To fix this, I had to import the "firestore" from "firebase/compat/app".

  4. "export 'useHistory' (imported as 'useHistory') was not found in 'react-router-dom'" - This error was caused by the fact that I had imported the "useHistory" from "react-router-dom" instead of "useNavigate" giving the version of react-router-dom I'm usong . To fix this, I had to import the "useNavigate" from "react-router-dom".

  5. "Firebase: A network AuthError (such as timeout, interrupted connection or unreachable host) has occurred. (auth/network-request-failed)." - This error was caused by the fact that I had not set up the firebase project for a production build and a development build. To fix this, I had to set up the firebase project for a production build and a development build.

## Current Error
  
  1. Non Yet

## [View Project](https://netphlix-yasirgaji.vercel.app/)

Commit message:

completed the live search function using fusejs

README.md, after:

# Netphlix

 [In Progress]

This is a "static - website" replica of the subscription based streaming platform service "[Netflix](https://netflix.com)" built on [React](https://reactjs.org/) for the front-end,  [Firebase](https://firebase.com/) as the backend, [fuseJS](https://fusejs.io/) for the life search integration, and [Normalize CSS](https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/)

## Other tools/technology and libraries used

 [Styled Component](https://styled-components.com/) - For styling |
 [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) & [React Router Dom V6](https://reactrouter.com/) - For routing

## What I Learned

  1. Project Architecture
  2. How to create Jumbotrons
  3. Clean code structures with the introduction of "fixtures" to store project data
  4. Importance of "macro" when declaring styled components
  5. How to pass props in styled components
  6. The importance of a key in a map function/an iteration element in React
  7. How to create compound components in React
  8. Usefulness of normalize.css
  9. How to reference a constant (a styled component) in styled components
  10. How to use the "as" prop in styled components
  11. How to use "useContext" and "createContext" in React
  12. How to Create a toggle component
  13. Trick code to check the state of an element in React using - "<>{JSON.stringify([context name], null, 2)}</>"
  14. How to style a reactRouter component using styled components
  15. How to render images for static and dynamic web apps
  16. How to set up a firebase project for a production build and a development build
  17. How to feed data to firebase
  18. The trick of keeping initialization files in the context folder
  19. How to use hooks in React
  20. Route protection, react router auth and redirection
  21. Learnt about route protection and redirection using react-router-dom V6.
  22. Advantage of using a seperated custom "useAuth" hook over the "useContext" hook
  23. How to Re-use & Re-style a pre-existing style-component in styled-components
  24. How to write conditionals in styled-components
  25. How to pass props (including specific css props) in styled-components
  26. How to create and inject portals in React using JS
  27. How to create a functioning live search component using fuseJS

## Errors I Faced

  1. "fatal: not a git repository (or any of the parent directories): .git" - This error was caused by the fact that I had exported a CDPATH environment variable, and one of the sub-directories of a repo happens to be named same as another non-repo-subdir under one of the paths in my CDPATH, and git was trying to find the repo in the non-repo-subdir. To fix this, I had to unset the CDPATH environment variable.

  2. "Error: A "Route" is only ever to be used as the child of "Routes" element" - This error was caused by the fact that I had nested a "Route" element inside another "Route" element. To fix this, I had to remove the nested "Route" element and place it outside the parent "Route" element.

  3. "export 'firestore' (imported as 'firebase') was not found in 'firebase'" - This error was caused by the fact that I had imported the "firestore" from "firebase/app" instead of "firebase/compat/app". To fix this, I had to import the "firestore" from "firebase/compat/app".

  4. "export 'useHistory' (imported as 'useHistory') was not found in 'react-router-dom'" - This error was caused by the fact that I had imported the "useHistory" from "react-router-dom" instead of "useNavigate" giving the version of react-router-dom I'm usong . To fix this, I had to import the "useNavigate" from "react-router-dom".

  5. "Firebase: A network AuthError (such as timeout, interrupted connection or unreachable host) has occurred. (auth/network-request-failed)." - This error was caused by the fact that I had not set up the firebase project for a production build and a development build. To fix this, I had to set up the firebase project for a production build and a development build.

## Current Error
  
  1. Non Yet

## [View Project](https://netphlix-yasirgaji.vercel.app/)
